[DOC-9623] Add missing Limited Access features (#18273)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v22.2/cockroachdb-feature-availability.md

**The following features are in limited access** and are only available to enrolled organizations. To enroll your organization, contact your Cockroach Labs account team. These features are subject to change.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

## Features in limited access

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
**The following features are in limited access** and are subject to change. To begin validating a limited access feature and share feedback and/or issues, contact [Support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com/hc).
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

### CockroachDB Dedicated on Azure

Deploying [CockroachDB Dedicated clusters on Azure](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/cockroachcloud/cockroachdb-dedicated-on-azure) is in limited access. To express interest and try it out, contact [Support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com/hc).

### AWS PrivateLink for CockroachDB Serverless

> [Connecting privately to a multi-region CockroachDB Serverless cluster using AWS PrivateLink](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/cockroachcloud/aws-privatelink?filters=serverless) is in limited access. This can help your organization to meet your security requirement and reduce your cluster's exposure to public networks. To express interest and try it out, contact [Support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com/hc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Connecting privately to a multi-region CockroachDB Serverless cluster using AWS PrivateLink](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/cockroachcloud/aws-privatelink?filters=serverless) is in limited access. This can help your organization meet its security requirements and reduce your cluster's exposure to public networks. To express interest and try it out, contact [Support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com/hc).
```

### CockroachDB Cloud Folders

> [Organizing CockroachDB Cloud clusters using folders](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/cockroachcloud/folders) is in limited access. Folders allow you to organize and manage access to your clusters according to your organization's requirements. For example, you can create top-level folders for each business unit in your organization, and within those folders, you can organize clusters by geographic location and then by their level of maturity, such as production, staging, and testing. To express interest and try it out, contact [Support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com/hc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Organizing CockroachDB Cloud clusters using folders](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/cockroachcloud/folders) is in limited access. Folders allow you to organize and manage access to your clusters according to your organization's requirements. For example, you can create top-level folders for each business unit in your organization, and within those folders, organize clusters by geographic location and then by level of maturity, such as production, staging, and testing. To express interest and try it out, contact [Support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com/hc).
```
